Update offline downloads (#1636)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/zero-to-robot/step-2/offline-installation-preparations.rst

Java/C++ Teams
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  `Java/C++ WPILib Installer <https://github.com/wpilibsuite/allwpilib/releases>`__

> .. note:: After downloading the Java/C++ WPILib installer, run it once while connected to the internet and select "Create VS Code zip to share with other computers/OSes for offiline install" and save the downloaded VS Code zip file for future offline installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: After downloading the Java/C++ WPILib installer, run it once while connected to the internet and select :guilabel:`Install for this User` then :guilabel:`Create VS Code zip to share with other computers/OSes for offline install` and save the downloaded VS Code zip file for future offline installations.
```
